hey today by the way is it stood at big
days National Coming Out Day and also
the International Day of the girl have
you heard about this uh the idea of this
day is to focus on female leadership to
make better lives for girls around the
world and you know the news off of the
Supreme Court confirmation madness but
millions of people haven't I personally
found these discussions that happen
after dr. Ford told her story uh you
know there's a lot of a lot of women
like my wife will say you don't know
what it's like to be a woman and I
always go but I until I started hearing
these stories I really I didn't know
what it was like to be a woman about how
threatened women feel a lot of the time
and then I heard a song written by a
dance teacher who works at Texas State
University her name is Lindsey lab she
wrote a song in response to our
president saying this is a very scary
time for young men the song is called a
scary time and in just a few days I
racked up tens of millions of views on
Twitter and Facebook
it's very well done so we invited
Lindsey to California to play it for us
and she graciously accepted she traveled
out here and here now with her song a
scary time please welcome Lindsey laughs
everyone
I can't walk to my car late at night
while on the phone I can't open up my
windows when I'm home alone I can't go
to a farm without a chaperone I can't
wear a miniskirt if it's the only one I
own I can't use public transportation
after 7 p.m. I can't be brutally honest
when you slide into my DMS I can't go to
the club just to dance with my friends
and I can't ever leave my drink
unattended
but it sure is scary time for Boyd yeah
a gentleman band together make some
noise it's really tough when your
reputations on the line and any woman
you've assaulted could turn up anytime
yeah it sure is scary time for guys
can't be
look her in the eyes it's so confusing
is a rape or is it just being nice
so inconvenient that you even have to
think twice I can't live in an apartment
if it's on the first floor I can't be
wearing silk pajamas when I answer the
door I can't have another drink even if
I want more and I can't make you feel
invalid unseen or ignored
I can't jog around the city with
headphones on my ears I can't speak out
against my rapist after 35 years I can't
be taken seriously if I'm holding back
tears and I can never speak earnestly
about all these fears cause it sure is
scary time for dudes can't text a girl
repeatedly asking for nudes care and
make a girl have sex when she's not in
the mood and what gives her the right to
give you a tattoo yeah it sure is scary
time for men boys like to ask joy to
play there with me
down her dress was short and she was
drunk she's not so innocent they got
your dad's the judge and you won't be
convicted oh wait a minute oh yeah no oh
yeah cuz uh it's not such a scary time
for boys they've always had the upper
hand they've always had a choice it's
time for women to rise up use our
collective boys the date of votes
November 6 so let's go make some noise
I am Jimmy Kimmel I hope you enjoyed
that video hit subscribe and all your
dreams will come true
assuming your dreams are to watch more
YouTube videos